# Data availability
Source data are accessible freely online. Magnetospheric Multiscale (MMS) are available through the [MMS repository](https://lasp.colorado.edu/mms/sdc/public/). For the solar wind measurements, one can access the [OMNI high-resolution](https://omniweb.gsfc.nasa.gov/form/omni_min.html) repository.

Furthermore, to assist in the reproducibility process the datasets analyzed during the current study, along with instructions for generating each figure can be found in this repository.

**MMSdata.mat** contains measurements for all 4 MMS spacecraft. The moments are in burst mode of MMS while the magnetic field is in survey mode. The main format of the measurement is a TSeries (timeseries) object generated by the TSeries function of [irfu-matlab](irfu-matlab).

Below you will find a short description of each timeseries object that is contained in the .mat file. However, we recommend that any reproduction attempt should carefully read the [FPI user guide](https://lasp.colorado.edu/galaxy/display/MFDPG) for more details.

* *B1gse_mms1 - B1gse_mms4*: Magnetic field measurements of the FGM instrument in survey mode for MMS1-4.
* *Tipar1_mms1 - Tipar1_mms4*: Parallel ion temperatures generated from the FPI instrument in burst mode for MMS1-4.
* *Tiperp1_mms1 - Tiperp1_mms4*: Perpendicular ion temperatures generated from the FPI instrument in burst mode for MMS1-4.
* *ni1_mms1 - ni1_mms4*: Ion number density from the FPI instrument in burst mode for MMS1-4.
* *vi1gse_mms1 - vi1gse_mms4*: Ion bulk flow velocity from the FPI instrument in burst mode for MMS1-4.
* *Eispectomni1_mms1 - Eispectomni1_mms4*: Omni-directional electron/ion energy spectrum from the FPI instrument in burst mode for MMS1-4.
* *Ei1_mms1 - Ei1_mms4*:  Sky-map energy bin centers from the FPI instrument in burst mode for MMS1-4.
* *iPDist_mms1 - iPDist_mms4*: Sky-map instrument distribution for ions of the FPI instrument in burst mode for MMS1-4
* *iPDist_error_mms1 - iPDist_error_mms4*: Sky-map instrument distribution 1-sigma error for ions of the FPI instrument in burst mode for MMS1-4.

Furthermore, startepochtt and stopepochtt define the period of time (tint) in epoch format.

**partial_moments_jet.mat** is a  structure containing the particle moments: density, bulk velocity, pressure, temperature, particle heat flux vector as TSeries'.

For more information about the generation of each figure with the usage of either the raw data or the pre-compiles versions above, please visit the README file of the figure subfolder of the main repository [jets-reformation](https://github.com/SavvasRaptis/Jets-Reformation)
